# php 8.4.1+ ONLY. No earlier versions of php should be used to run php code on servers. AND all php code should be up to at least php 8.4.1 standards. Period! 


I don't f/w php much due to its many vulnerabilities- its an uphill battle. Most new users know of 1 or 2 vulns, there are way more. In fact, at runtime unexpeted behavior happens that ai or pro devs do not predict or find. Php is what it is. So to mitigate some probs, make your codebase small for sure. Complexity = vulns in php and that is a fact. Moreover, when people run old versions of code on different versions of php versions installed on servers, this only serves to muddy the waters and make php more dangerous. In short- people need to wise up. The only way to make php safer for all is to only use the very latest version pf php on the server  AND only run the code MADE for the latest version of php servers. More hidden run time vulns and probs would be found by all. The way it is now, just running any php code on different versions of php servers is utterly stupid. Take the variables out of the problem areas! 

It is ironic that php is so old, yet needs so much work to make it safer and more reliable. Let that sink in. 

All the imageboard apps here are at different stages of dev- but ALL of them are security focused and modern. Grab any version (like adelia/1 or adelia/2) and do whatever you want with the code. Advanced Ai made all the apps here. Some are amazingly nice starting points for your own visions/changes. To maintain security, NO FRONT FACING ADMIN AREAS WILL BE INCLUDED IN THE MAIN CODE. It is incredibly easy to feed the code to AI and make seperate moderation apps. Depending on what db the app has, very simple moderation seperate apps can be made.  Hey, it's PHP- having a front facing admin area built into any app is WAY less secure. AI can easily make you moderation tools via .sh files or seperate php files. Sqlite3 for example even has its own db editors which serve as an admin area. Hell, you can code a mod app with Rust! You see, moderation is incredibly easy- it is just interacting with the db- and any db is MADE to be interacted with. After the apps here are made and well tested, the constant focus on security will be the main goal. AI will audit all the code and look for security vulnerabilites. There WILL be some vulns because it is php. However, unlike many over complex and not secure php apps, the apps here were made from the start with a pricacy/security focus. 

WHY do i mess with php a bit? Its a challenge to make somewhat secure and reliable apps from just about the worst lang out there, that's why. For all the peope who use php because it is "easy"- yeah, it may save you install steps by using php, but expanding your mind a bit and using go and rust might add 3 more install steps in setting up your server, but save about 20 steps in the future because go or rust has incredibly better security over php. There are no shortcuts in life. Easy to install php apps are not so easy to properly secure. 

Make no mistake. Go and especially Rust are far superior to php. It seems like you are taking 2 steps forward with php because its easy to see an app in a browser... but in reality you are taking 10 steps back. If you started with go or rust you would start 10 steps ahead. You are not brilliant for trying to take the most easy shortcuts with php. It makes you feel brilliant, in control and powerful. Goooooood luck with that. Code running on production servers does not care about your feelings of accomplishment because you know how to run a php app. 

SO-- if you want to mess with php, have some dam respect for the fact that you are fighting an uphill battle. Wise up, start using better practices, and focus on security. 

# Elite modern apps-


  # Introducing Adelia versions- made with advanced ai- the 3 file imageboard with the features that vichan has. First versions will be in sqlite3, then postgreSQL db !! 
1) /Adelia quite a remarkable privacy focused imageboard for its super small code base. Upload the 3 tiny files to a server with php 8.4.1 and sqlite3 installed. Supports trip codes, replies, jpg, gif, png, webp and mp4. Its just hard coded to show the very last reply on the main board under the original post, but in reply mode all the replies show up. Css easily changed. logs any errors to error.txt  Security heavily implemented. A must see app. How to install? Upload it to a server and visit your site from a web browser. Bam. Installation is done. 

2) /Adelia1 Pagination for main board added to /Adelia. This has to be the most features and security fit into a small tiny imageboard app, for real. This board is so nice and full featured that i will make a postgres version too in a while. I will work on the sqlite3 version a bit more and finish it up. The PostgreSQL version will be way better than the sqlite3 version.

3)  /Adelia2  i took adelia1 and had ai make even more improvments-- this is the best version so far
